-----
This are the things I want to write down about
"2022/2112 - Sketch/prac.kra"

### 1. pl13
---
Fairly thin woman having oral and vaginal sex on all fours. There
are two men visible, both of them with a similar posture.

1. From back view, hips are longer than I thought they were.
2. Draw one shoulder higher than the other for more "fluidity" in
   the gesture.
3. Smooth knee.
4. Big head, because of perspective (head is looking up).
5. Funny abs shape in man (I know this sentence doesn't make much
   sense).

### 2. pl12
---
Thicker woman having intercourse in a pronated position, laying
with both arms raised and a man barely showing in the frame.

1. For drawing a thicker body, draw the back to be similar in size
   as the hips and the ass. They don't actually have to be the
   same size, just appear to be so. Thus, the lats must seem
   somewhat wide.
2. Upper deltoid shows enough to be significant
3. Traps delineate the shape of the arm (women store more fat
   tissues in this area).
4. Don't forget that lower belly fat.
5. These two things in the upper-middle part of the back, in
   between the two scapulae.

### 3. pl11
---
Extremely thin woman, sitting, both feet are central in the
composition. She's stretching her vagina.

1. Tiger paw form of the feet soles (maybe this doesn't include
   the big one though).
2. Box units for both the feet and hands:
   1. The two of them "finish" at the pinky finger and have this
      ridge that's very rounded. The pinky finger is usually
      very "dumb" and just hangs there.
3. The arch of the foot comes in two steps. The first one way
   smaller than the second. and finishes in a plane, just where
   the soles begin.
4. The fat pad below the big finger shows in this position.
5. Foreshortened stuff looks way wider than you might think.
   It also makes the anatomy have more accentuated shapes.
6. The thing that connects the chest to the arm is similar in
   shape to that foot ridge I talked about earlier. It's a
   tendon too.
7. I this stretched position the hand looks like, 1 stretched
   thumb, 3 mostly parallel index, middle and 4th finger and
   the pinky is far stretched too.

### 4. pl10
---
The same woman riding a dildo, from back view with one hand on the
toy as support.

1. Fat pads of the ass, then vulva, then leg tendons (I know I
   drew this porn, but I feel kinda gross saying it like this).
2. Wedge shape of the back, this includes the shoulders very
   nicely.

### 5. pl9
---
The same woman riding a dildo, from front view with one hand on the
toy as support. 

1. Leg shape in this pose is like a rounded three-way ruler, but
   with one side flattened.

### 6. pl8
---
The same woman, standing, from back view, arms tucked in, scapulae
almost touching.

1. Glutes can be really long.

---
Okay, I'm tired. I doubt I'll finish these, but this was very
useful nonetheless. Blessings to Mr. Gi, may he rest in peace.